I heard you were in Italy - you were
saying bad everybody's going to Italy
yeah I had it I had a really great trip
with with my friends and and and my
brother and and my my girlfriend we all
went to we went to Tuscany nice really
very good yeah right
well that's that's good time to you
they're working or you what we went
there for a film festival then we
decided we were just gonna go around and
sort of check out Italy what did you see
what did you do they when we went to
Tuscany the the lady we bonded up with a
lady really quickly who owned the
bed-and-breakfast that we were at and
she brought us to a to this beautiful
sort of dinner that was that was lit on
like a on a hill there was about 300
Italians all about these little these
little table they loved picnic tables
and we're the only Americans there and
so everyone was looking at us like we
didn't belong and so I really wanted to
prove myself and like you know be part
of the you know the group you know they
just identified you as Americans right
away immediately we came in and
immediately looked at us and we looked
like you know embarrassing yeah and and
so then so so I there's this tradition
is for the horse-racing was this party
for the horse-racing there's a tradition
where they throw an egg a hard-boiled
egg and and and they throw it down it's
like the length of basketball court um
you know down the thing and somebody
tries to catch in their mouth and I'm
like a hill down like a big hill okay
and I wait her mouth yeah you have to
catch in your mouth and I had like a few
glasses of wine and I thought I need to
prove myself and so I said I'm gonna do
it and I got up on the chair and I've
never been able to catch anything you
know like you know when people playing
those games I'm always the worst at it
but I had some feeling I was like you
know the pressure was on and I needed to
prove myself and and and he he tossed
the egg and it was like a perfect toss
and it landed in my mouth and I
swallowed it like like it like a snake
I like laying in my mouth and I was like
I didn't even chew it as a pulp and I
caught it and and and and everyone froze
and then 300 people stood up and all
started cheering egg man
somebody grabbed me and they're like
nobody's done this in 40 years terrible
idea and so I was going around all night
and everybody's like Eggman Eggman and
like cheering me on and I'm telling like
my entire career my whole life it was
the greatest moment that would have been
by the way yeah Eggman died he choked on
the name but it would fit the name
banana yeah it was like The Beatles also
sure I was walking I was walking you
know like a couple days later through
another town and somebody comes up to me
and they're like I recognize you from
something oh my god I'm an actor
maybe like The Fault in Our Stars ignore
no no you're Eggman that's pretty you
know what it's weird how stupid things
like that become like something that
you're incredibly proud right we're
proud of it yeah I mean I ever think
like I open the freezer and like ice or
something falls out and I catch it not
look around to see if anybody saw it
never anyone watching but then I really
like I have to go and go tell somebody
about it yeah it felt like it felt like
you know I've had a lot of great moments
in my life but it felt like it just kind
of that's real that's very exciting tell
my parents they have to refer to me is
it now the Eggman now is playing a
soldier you were playing yeah
Afghanistan
yeah in your new movie well you've never
been in the military I'm guessing no I
have based on your hair yeah I'm with
Adam drivers in the military and he has
that crazy that sure you're right yeah
sure but none no I mean I'd never been
in the military and I had so much
respect for the people who served but
even more after doing this movie because
I mean it was very exhausting and
draining but also my brain is just not
set up to be a soldier
you know like I'm very I get distracted
really easily we'd go on these fake
missions where I'd be looking for the
enemy and I'd be like wow that's a
beautiful looking bird and they're like
that
you know or I'd be like going and I'd be
like what are we shooting on Monday and
then and we had to like wear all these
patches and things and like they'd have
you to tie your shoes in a special way
and I kept forgetting my hat in the
hotel room so people I became like the
laughingstock of end of the fake
military you will represent I was D
laughing did you go to real training
with real soldiers yeah real yeah they
were no not with real soldier well yeah
they're real soldiers worthy like the
other a there was just actors but there
was a real military you know guy who was
and he was really tough on us and so I
thought like I'm gonna impress him you
know I would really want to but same
with the eggman yeah right kind of show
I need some validation yeah you do yeah
maybe that's you're close with your
brother yeah your parents spread the
attention around that might be what it
was
yeah what it was I'm gonna have talked
about your dad was the band leader on
Arsenio yeah show yep your mom your pals
away from thirtysomething
they met on it they met on a talk show I
told that last time I was here yeah well
maybe you'll meet someone here maybe
maybe you'll find a bathing cleat or
something that's pretty exciting yeah I
mean the I I had a I had a real you know
I don't get I haven't had too many
examples of being super starstruck but
as a as a kid you know with my you know
my dad's musician as a kid I met a lot
of like really great people that he met
throughout the best one you met like on
on August 29th this year I've been
waiting my entire life I used to write I
used to write Paul McCartney letters all
and give it to I hear you'd be at a
restaurant I'd write him a letter and
give it to the host I used to dress up
as him for Halloween and I want like a
Halloween contest I used to talking in
English accent walk around the house and
like I'd write songs and like singing in
English accent and so I went to this
like on August 29th I went to this I
went to this restaurant and my friend
said I think you need to sit down as I'm
sitting down I thought like something
terrible it happened and and he said
Paul McCartney's here and like a guy
could grow up fourteen-year-old girl in
the 60s I just started bawling I really
I just immediately started crying at the
table
and to Eggman Dakota tableware me are
like touching me like this okay man and
like and then I look over at over at
Paul and I'm kind of like gearing up to
go talk to him and and and and my friend
Dave was like and maybe should stop
crying I have a really nice conversation
with him and I tell him how much he
means to me and that I think he's you
know the amount of happiness he's given
to the world it's a lot of presidented
and and then he says he's like I've got
a good feeling about you keep going with
what you're doing and I burst first I
start I immediately I just started
sobbing Wow and and his wife guys like
that's really sweet
okay that's like so much Amanda night
and then I go back to it and as he's
leaving he gives me a little like guitar
you know a little one of that and no
it's just he gives you a little one of
them well congratulations I think he's
right I have a good feeling about you
too don't cry that wolf everybody the
guilty
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos